# PlantOML Web Application

This project is a React-based web application designed for rendering and manipulating PlantUML diagrams using Ontological Modeling Language (OML). It was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Features

- **OML to PlantUML Conversion:** Allows users to input OML text and visualize it as a PlantUML diagram.
- **Interactive UI:** Users can interact with the diagram and modify OML text.
- **Diagram Customization:** Provides options for customizing the appearance of the generated diagrams.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager)
- Docker (for running the application in a container)

### Installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-repository/plantoml-web-app.git
cd plantoml-web-app
npm install
```

## Running the Application

In the project directory, you can run:

```bash
npm start
```

This runs the app in development mode. Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes. You may also see lint errors in the console.

### Building for Production
```bash
npm run build
```
This command builds the app for production to the build folder. It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.


### Dockerization
To run the application in a Docker container:

```bash
docker build -t plantoml-frontend .
docker run -d -p 80:80 plantoml-frontend
```

### Deployment
The application is designed to be deployed using Docker. See the provided Dockerfile for container setup.

### Documentation
For detailed documentation, refer to the docs directory generated by JSDoc.

### Contributing
Contributions to the project are welcome. Please follow the standard process of forking the repository and submitting a pull request.